This Geotools module, demo/introduction, includes a simple graphical application 
which introduces the Geotools library by using many of its sub-systems. The code 
of the demonstration application is written to be easily legible in order to 
serve as an introduction for new programmers wishing to understand Geotools.

The functionality of the demonstration application is limited. The application 
opens a graphical user interface window which contains a column of buttons on 
the left hand side. The buttons can be clicked in sequence to perform a sequence
of commands each of which illustrates the action of part of the Geotools library.

The demonstration application can be run either 
    * from a subversion directory obtained from the subversion repository
    * from a source distribution which has subsequently been compiled
    * from a binary distribution which contains the entire library as JAR files. 
The latter is the easiest. The user needs a Java Runtime Environment (JRE) into 
which both the JAI and Java Image IO extensions have been installed. The PATH
variable must include the directory containing the java binary 'java'. The 
demonstration application can then be run with the command:

java -classpath gt2-demo-introduction-2.3.0.jar \       
                                   org.geotools.demo.introduction.DemoBase

for a binary distribution where the command is run in the directory containing 
all of the Java archive (JAR) files. Alternatively, in a compiled subversion or 
a source directory, the demonstration application can be run with the command:

java -cp $GEOTOOLS_ROOT/target/gt2-demo-introduction-2.3.0.jar \       
                                   org.geotools.demo.introduction.DemoBase

assuming the variable $GEOTOOLS_ROOT is set to the absolute path to the root 
directory of the subversion checkout or source distribution. The application can
also be run by first moving to the target/ directory and omitting the path 
before the name of the jar file. Note that the version number, '2.3.0' in this 
case, will be different depending on the actual version of the Geotools library
which is being used. 


Known issues in the 2.3.0 release:
  * Buttons are not all the same size
  * Text area does not scroll as new text is added
  * Countries.sld looks for a font that does not necessarily exist
  * The projection cause certain geometries to disappear.
  * Lots of routines are missing; some buttons do nothing.

License:
This code is placed in the public domain. Note that this is different from the 
Geotools library code itself which is licensed under the terms of the "Lesser 
General Public License (LGPL).

Enjoy.

Adrian Custer
Friday, 18 August 2006
Brussels, Belgium
